Have you all seen it?
If it was the medicine I took in Xia Li, what would happen if I took it and would be fine?
God, I go,
I'm going, it's because I haven't had any good news lately,
It was so bad in the first year of the year, so I decided to buy a name for my skin.
Thank you forever,
I wrongly blamed you just now,
No need to travel thousands of miles away, I just don’t want to take the responsibility,
Don't learn any crime.
It’s been a long time since you’ve done this. You have to act like two people who speak Western language.
When you ate just now? Eat well
I asked you how that is?
You also have ears
Don't you cry
But it tastes delicious when you blow it
And when dad was here, he said that I
Home probably shouldn’t be
When you ate it just now
Why not Duoke